 

SESSION JUIN 2017 

CENTRE : BORDEAUX

CODE DE L’UE : LMA1Y11 et LMA2Y11 – CODE DE L’ECUE : LMA1M113 et LMA2M113 
Langue anglaise 1 et 2 - CM
ET
CODE DE L’ÉPREUVE : LMA1M113V2 – Langue anglaise 1 et 2

Nature de l'épreuve :	QCM (32 questions)
Durée de l'épreuve : 1 h

Documents non autorisés


Questionnaire à réponses multiples

Répondez aux questions en cochant la ou les bonne(s) réponse(s) sur la grille de réponses fournie séparément.
Une seule grille de réponses vous sera délivrée. Veuillez donc bien prendre connaissance des instructions avant de la compléter.

Consignes de remplissage de la grille de réponses :


	•	Pour chacune des questions, vous devrez noircir (uniquement en noir ou en bleu) la case correspondante à votre réponse sur la première ligne. 

	•	Pour corriger sa réponse, utiliser la deuxième ligne. Seule cette deuxième ligne sera prise en compte au moment de la correction, quel que soit le marquage de la première ligne.

	•	Pour annuler votre réponse, veuillez cocher la case se trouvant sous le numéro de la question : ceci équivaut à une absence complète de réponse.













    1ère ligne

    2ème ligne

Le barème est le suivant :

Type de réponse
Nombre de points
Réponse juste
+ 3
Réponse fausse
- 1
Absence de réponse
 0
Réponses incomplètes
Perte de point proportionnelle au nombre d’erreurs.
NB : si une des réponses est fausse aucun point ne sera attribué.









========================
WRITING

1. A paragraph ...
a. ... is a group of related sentences that discuss one (and only one) main idea.
b. ... is a group of related sentences that often discuss several ideas.
c. ... may stand by itself.
d. ... may be part of a longer piece of writing.

2. A well-built paragraph, which is easily understandable by the reader and shows your ability to organize your ideas, must start with:  a. a thesis statement.  b. a topic sentence.  c. a single topic.
d. a controlling idea.

3. To sum up, climate in Scotland reflects the diversity of its landscapes - rain and wind in the west, more sun in the east - but it is overall slightly colder than the rest of the UK.
This sentence is an example of a …:
a. … supporting sentence.
b. … concluding sentence.
c. … topic sentence.
d. … controlling idea.

4. Which of the following transition signals can be used at the beginning of a sentence.
a. And
b. Too
c. But
d. Yet

5. Which connector(s) can fill in the gap in the following sentence: Wales is a country with lots of hills and mountains, especially in the north and central regions. The highest mountain is the Snowdon (1085 m). The south of Wales, ___  , is flat and has a lot of industry?
a. however
b. on the other hand
c. whereas
d. thus

6. A simple sentence is ...
a. ... any clause that has a subject and a verb.
b. ... a set of words that is complete in itself, consisting of a main clause and sometimes one or more subordinate clauses.
c. ... a sentence containing only one independent clause.
d. ... a set of words conveying only one idea.

7. that the bricks of Liverpool were mortared with the blood and sweat of Africa.
This is an example of :
a. fragment.
b. dependent clause.
c. choppy sentence.
d. independent clause.








8. What is the correct punctuation? Select the best sentence.
a. The city centre was devastated in a bombing in 1996; but, it led to extensive investment and regeneration that has since helped it turn into a thriving 'reborn' modern city.
b. The city centre was devastated in a bombing in 1996. But, it led to extensive investment and regeneration that has since helped it turn into a thriving 'reborn' modern city.
c. The city centre was devastated in a bombing in 1996, but it led to extensive investment and regeneration that has since helped it turn into a thriving 'reborn' modern city.


CULTURE and ENVIRONMENTAL and PUBLIC HEALTH ISSUES

9. Which of these is/are located in London?
a) the Millenium Wheel	
b) The Golden Gate Bridge 	
c) Brooklyn Bridge
d) Tower Bridge

10. Which of these is/are associated with Belfast?
a) the 1666 Great Fire	
b) The Titanic 	
c) Arthur’s Seat
d) the Troubles

11. In Which country is Europe’s second largest windfarm?
a) England	
b) Wales	
c) Scotland
d) Northern Ireland

12. Which of these rivers flows through Liverpool?
a) the Thames	
b) the Hudson 	
c) the Mersey
d) the Severn

13. Which of these is/are associated with Manchester?
a) the Millenium Stadium	
b) J.K. Rowling 	
c) County Antrim
d) the first splitting of the atom

14. Which of these is/are located in New York City?
a) Time Square	
b) The Golden Gate Bridge 	
c) The La Brea Pit
d) Greenwich Village

15. Which of these is/are located in Washington DC?
a) Rodeo Drive	
b) Time Square	
c) Alcatraz
d) The Zero Milestone

16. Which of the following is/are associated with health care?
a) the ACA	
b) RAMPex 	
c) the LAPD
d) ETA 

17. Which state is Austin in?
a) Montana	
b) Kentucky	
c) Alabama
d) Texas

18. Which of these is/are associated with Los Angeles?
a) Sausalito	
b) Rockaway Beach 	
c) Malibu
d) Catalina


ENGLISH PRONUNCIATION 

19. Choose the word or words which have a vowel sound that is represented by the symbol /ɪ/.
a. feet 
b. fit 
c. green 
d. grin

20. Choose the word or words which have a vowel sound that is represented by the symbol /ɔː/ .
a. law
b. see
c. more
d. grow

21.  Choose the word or words which have a vowel sound that is represented by the symbol /eɪ/ .
a. play
b. fine
c. home
d. feel

22.  Choose the word or words which have a vowel sound that is represented by the symbol /aʊ/ .
a. cow
b. law
c. low.
d. snow

23. Choose the word or words which have a vowel sound that is represented by the symbol /aɪə/ .
a. fur   
b. power 
c. liar 
d. lower

24. Which one of the following words corresponds to this phonetic transcription: /ˈnɒlɪdʒ/? 
a. no lid 
b. knowledge
c. gnarly
d. nailed  





25. Is the underlined consonant in the following word aspirated (voiceless) or voiced: fight
a. voiced  
b. aspirated

26. According to Sian Berry, air pollution is a problem in London because 
a) it is a public health emergency                	
b) it might impact tourism negatively                    	
c) it may deter investors 
d) it is detrimental to the city’s numerous parks

27. In the video you were shown, Northern Ireland has decided to invest in  
a) wind farms
b) solar farms
c) tidal energy
d) a new generation of nuclear plants

28. Which city is provided with water by Glencorse waterworks?
a) Edinburgh	
b) Cardiff	
c) London
d) Dublin

29. What makes Liverpool’s palm oil plant special?
a) It is the biggest in Europe	
b) It benefited from investments from the Middle East
c) Most of its benefits are given to environmental charities 
d) It is sustainable

30. How many Washington D.C residents suffer from AIDS?
a) 5,000	
b) 10,000	
c) 15,000
d) 20,000

31. What is the problem with the pictures displayed by anti-abortion protesters outside a school in Texas?
a) It is illegal to display pictures of dead foetuses in the street	
b) Parents consider them far too graphic and shocking
c) The police had forbidden such a display outside a school
d) The mayor did not allow the protesters to show such pictures

32. Which gay activist from San Francisco started a political carreer in the 1970s? 
a) Dan Savage
b) George Takei
c) Peter Tatchell
d) Harvey Milk
