         					       SESSION DE : JANVIER 2017 
				
							CENTRE : BORDEAUX


CODE DE L’UE : LMA1Y11 -  MATIERE : LMA1Y113 – Langue Anglaise 1 - CM
 et
CODE EPREUVE : LMA1M1113E1 - Langue Anglaise 1 - CM



Nature de l'épreuve :	QCM	Durée de l'épreuve : 1 heure

Documents non autorisés





Répondez aux questions en cochant la/les bonne(s) réponse(s) 
sur la grille de réponse fournie séparément.  
Assurez-vous d’y renseigner correctement les informations vous concernant.

Barème : Attention, ce barème comporte des points négatifs, et il peut y avoir plusieurs réponses justes pour une même question !

Réponse correcte 	=> 	+ 3 points. 
Mauvaise réponse 	=> 	- 1 point
Absence de réponse 	=> 	0 point
Pour les réponses multiples, toutes les réponses doivent être correctes pour obtenir l'intégralité des points.
	
========================
THEME
1. What is London’s main environmental issue?
a) air pollution                	
b) water pollution                    	
c) noise pollution

2. The fracking project in Woodburn Park might be detrimental to the quality of drinking water in which of the following city?
a) Edinburgh	
b) Belfast 	
c) Cardiff
d) Liverpool


3. Residents of North Lanarkshire complained about foul smelling water. But which UK country is North Lanarkshire in?
a) England	
b) Northern Ireland	
c) Scotland
d) Wales

4. What is Gwynt Y Môr?
a) an offshore windfarm	
b) a nuclear power station	
c) a hydroelectric power station
d) a recycling plant





5. In which of these cities is the Gillmoss Materials
 Recovery Facility located?
a) Manchester	
b) Belfast 	
c) Cardiff
d) Liverpool

6. Which of the following cities is located on Merseyside?
a) Manchester	
b) Belfast 	
c) Cardiff
d) Liverpool

7. Where was the Titanic built?
a) Manchester	
b) Belfast 	
c) Cardiff
d) Liverpool
e) London

8. Which of the following are associated with Edinburgh?
a) the Forth Bridge
b) the Millenium Wheel
c) J.K. Rowling
d) Robert Stevenson
e) Isaac Newton

9. Which of the following are associated with Liverpool?
a) the River Mersey
b) the Three Graces
c) J.K. Rowling
d) the Millenium Wheel
e) Arthur’s seat

10. Which of the following are associated with Cardiff?
a) the River Mersey
b) the Three Graces
c) The Doctor Who experience
d) the Millenium Stadium
e) Arthur’s seat

11. Which UK country is Gwynt Y Môr in?
a) England	
b) Northern Ireland	
c) Scotland
d) Wales

12. Who is the current Mayor of London?
a) Sadiq Khan
b) Boris Johnson
c) Ken Livingstone
d) Owen Johnson

13. What political party does Sian Berry belong to?
a) Conservative
b) Labour
c) Green
d) UKIP
e) Lib Dem

14. Which UK country is County Antrim in?
a) England	
b) Northern Ireland	
c) Scotland
d) Wales

15. In which UK country can you find Glencorse water 
treatment plant?
a) England	
b) Northern Ireland	
c) Scotland
d) Wales

16. Which decision was made in Liverpool?
a) grow lawns on rooftops
b) install beehives on rooftops
c) extend pedestrian areas in the city centre
d) demolish derelict buildings

17. In Liverpool, you can find the UK’s first …
a) 100% pedestrian city centre
b) sustainable palm oil plant
c) eco-friendly conference centre
d) energy-efficient council estate

18. By 2050, Manchester’s ambition is to become …
a) self-sufficient in terms of energy production	
b) a leader in hydro electricity production                           
c) a leader in environmental start-up creation
d) carbon-free

19. What is the collective name for Manchester and its
suburbs?
a) Greater Manchester	
b) Bigger Manchester	
c) the Manchester District
d) the Manchester Borough

20. The fracking process always involves 
a) drilling			
b) chemicals		            
c) burning forests
d) expropriation








PARAGRAPH
21. A well-built paragraph, which is easily understandable by the reader and shows your ability to organize your
ideas, must start with a: 
a) thesis statement... 
b) topic sentence... 
c) single topic... 

22. ... which should be made of a ................, a verb, and
 ........................ . 
a) topic / an outline. 
b) controlling idea / an outline. 
c) subject /a controlling idea. 

TRANSITION SIGNALS
23. A recent article in a famous financial magazine suggested that the causes of inflation were easy to find; ..........................., the cure for inflation was not so easy to
prescribe. 
a) however 
b) whereas 
c) although 

24. The farther away from Earth a person is, the less the gravitational force of Earth. ....................., a man weighs less when he is 50,000 miles from Earth than when he is
only 5,000 miles away. 
a) Hence 
b) Therefore 
c) Thus 

PUNCTUATION
25. Semicolons are used... 
a) ... to introduce an explanation. (ex: Tai chi is more than a form of physical exercise; it is meditation in movement.) 
b) ... between items in a series, when some of the items already contain commas. (ex: Our guest speakers will be Dr. Richard McGrath, professor of economics; Dr. Beth Howells, professor of English; and Dr. John Kraft, professor of psychology.) 
c) ... before subtitles. (ex: Switch; how to change things when change is hard.) 

26. Colons are used... 
a) ... to introduce an explanation. (ex: Tai chi is more than a form of physical exercise: it is meditation in movement.) 
b) ... to introduce a list after to be. (ex: The ingredients to make cupcakes in the microwave are: eggs, sugar, flour, milk, cocoa powder, vegetable oil, and vanilla extract.) 
c) ... between two closely connected independent clauses. (ex: Call me tomorrow: I will give you my answer then.) 

27. Which is the best sentence ? 
a) Hoping that he would pass the course he stayed up all night studying for the final exam unfortunately, he overslept and missed the test.
b) Hoping that he would pass the course, he stayed up all night studying for the final exam; unfortunately he overslept and missed the test. 
c) Hoping that he would pass the course, he stayed up all night studying for the final exam; unfortunately, he overslept and missed the test. 

28. Teenagers, as everyone knows, tend to believe they are immortal. What is the function of the commas in this
sentence? 
a) introducers 
b) tag commas 
c) inserters 

29. Titles of books, newspapers, journals, magazines and 
movies should be : 
a) enclosed in quotation marks. 
b) enclosed in simple quotation marks. 
c) underlined or italicized. 

SENTENCES
30. A ................ is the largest grammatical unit in language. It communicates a complete thought: an
assertion, question, command, or exclamation. 
a) clause 
b) phrase 
c) sentence 

31. An incomplete sentence is called: 
a) a fragment. 
b) a simple clause. 
c) a dependent clause. 

32. An encyclopedia is a valuable source of information it 
contains summaries of every area of knowledge. This is: 
a) a correct compound sentence. 
b) an example of stringy sentence. 
c) an example of run-on sentence. 

33. Because of the rapid expansion of human knowledge, it is difficult to keep encyclopedias current. This is an 
example of: 
a) stringy sentence. 
b) correct complex sentence. 
c) comma splice sentence












Page | PAGE   \* MERGEFORMAT2 




